Split the readme into multiple files (#313)
tarantool/cartridge-java: README.md

``` bash
tarantool src/test/resources/single-instance.lua
```
Example of TarantoolClient set up
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/2f8e826deb9833a5deb6d21177527a46e8fdd039/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java#L51-L59

Example of client API usage
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/2f8e826deb9833a5deb6d21177527a46e8fdd039/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java#L64-L79

> You can read more about Cartridge applications in its [documentation](https://www.tarantool.io/ru/docs/latest/how-to/getting_started_cartridge/).

Reviewer: 404

  <version>0.9.2</version>
</dependency>
```
## Advanced usage

> [Cluster Tarantool client](doc/ClusterTarantoolClient.md)  

Reviewer 2: I suggest adding a short description in a single paragraph for each page with some keywords that the user will be looking for, like "transient cluster failures" for the "retrying client" section. Also, I suggest renaming these documents to better reflect the use cases, having in mind that the users shouldn't use the TarantoolClient classes directly.

Author: If you have any ideas for a different name for the cluster and proxy clent I would be happy to see your suggestions

  <version>0.9.2</version>
</dependency>
```
## Advanced usage

> [Cluster client](doc/ClusterTarantoolClient.md)  
> Connecting to Cartridge router nodes   
> [Proxy client](doc/ProxyTarantoolClient.md)  
> Connecting to any Tarantool nodes, calling stored functions  
> [Custom sharding function](doc/CustomShardingFunction.md)  
> Determining bucket id in on the client side  
> [Retrying client](doc/RetryingTarantoolClient.md)  
> Circumventing transient cluster failures  
> [TarantoolTuple usage](doc/TarantoolTupleUsage.md)  
> Creating and operating with TarantoolTuple  
> [Thread control](doc/ThreadControl.md)  
> Specifying custom numbers of netty work threads  

Reviewer: I want to suggest something like that
```suggestion
* [Cluster client](doc/ClusterTarantoolClient.md)  
Connecting to Tarantool nodes.  
The client can connect to storages and obtain data from spaces directly by space interface via native iproto binary protocol.  
It may call lua storing procedures or eval lua code on nodes.  
* [Proxy methods](doc/ProxyTarantoolClient.md)  
Connecting to routes with crud library. It proxies space interface's methods to crud methods.  
* [Retrying](doc/RetryingTarantoolClient.md)  
Retry transient cluster failures.  
* [TarantoolTuple usage](doc/TarantoolTupleUsage.md)  
Creating and operating with TarantoolTuple entity.  
* [Custom sharding function](doc/CustomShardingFunction.md)  
Determining bucket id on java side.  
* [Thread control](doc/ThreadControl.md)  
Specifying custom numbers of netty work threads.  
```
